README.md, before:

Steps to setup project:
1. `git clone` repository to your local machine
2. `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install all needed dependencies
3. Create `.env` file in main folder of the project and use information from `.env.example` to fill it with needed data
4. Then you need to `cd app` and write `python runserver.py` to run application
5. In case you need to run tests you can go back to first folder like `cd ..` and write `python -m pytest` to run it



Steps to run docker container:
1. Create docker image `docker build -t <your docker image name> .`
2. To run docker container use `docker run -d --name <your docker container name> -p 80:80 <your docker image name>`
3. To run tests inside docker you can use `python -m pytest tests`



Steps to create and apply migrations:
1. Command to create migration `docker-compose run --rm <name of docker-compose service> alembic revision --autogenerate -m "<your message>"`
2. To apply migration to database `docker-compose run --rm web alembic upgrade head`


To inspect redis keys:
1. `docker-compose exec redis redis-cli`
2. keys *

Commit message:

little fixes for test_db, docker compose, redis, added apscheduler

README.md, after:

Steps to setup project:
1. `git clone` repository to your local machine
2. `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install all needed dependencies
3. Create `.env` file in main folder of the project and use information from `.env.example` to fill it with needed data
4. Then you need to `cd app` and write `python runserver.py` to run application
5. In case you need to run tests you can go back to first folder like `cd ..` and write `python -m pytest` to run it



Steps to run docker container:
1. Create docker image `docker build -t <your docker image name> .`
2. To run docker container use `docker run -d --name <your docker container name> -p 80:80 <your docker image name>`
3. To run tests inside docker you can use `docker exec -it<your docker container name> python -m pytest -s tests`



Steps to create and apply migrations:
1. Command to create migration `docker-compose run --rm <name of docker-compose service> alembic revision --autogenerate -m "<your message>"`
2. To apply migration to database `docker-compose run --rm web alembic upgrade head`


To inspect redis keys:
1. `docker-compose exec redis redis-cli`
2. keys *
3. inspect testinf redis keys `docker-compose exec redis redis-cli -h redis -p 6379 -n 1`
